We all get those emails, but we shouldn't have to.
Our data should be handled the same way we store
our most valuable assets: in a security box,
with a unique key within the vault of a bank,
where access to each box is vetted by a security
guard who identifies who you are and records every
access in a journal. Well those are the same core
principles of a zero trust data vault and Caveau
is a new open source project that will raise the
bar for online security practices when handling
sensitive data. Caveau uses a deductive AI to
scan both APIs and databases to identify sensitive
information and segregate it into the Zero
Trust Vault. Data access is validated by our AI
and anomalies are traced to eliminate accidental
or willful exposure, while also permanently
shielding the data from its initial collection
through transit and storage. Caveau makes it
easy to comply with a long list of regulations
like GDPR, once implemented the continuous audit
functionality provides consumers and regulatory
bodies with real-time proof that the data remains
secure. Caveau is offered via commercial cloud
services and is portable for on-premises solutions
like a government national cloud, including a
direct offering via the Open Source tier through
basic to enterprise class. You can specify your
own encryption keys or algorithms to comply with
industry standards or beyond into post-quantum
cryptography. Get in touch with us now!